well I D they're internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about cookouts barbecues and what we can
learn from this up from them because
there is something we can learn from
them it's kind of cool how they differ
across demographic lines and as I say
that understand yeah I'm sure that what
I'm going to say is a bit of a
generalization you know it doesn't apply
to all the people all the time but it's
something I've noticed over the years
and it has something that has influenced
me in a way so all cookouts are pretty
much the same in some ways last one I
went to is just like all the other ones
you know everybody brought what they
could bring there's good social
interaction everybody had a few drinks
relaxed nobody went without everybody
had fun that's the same where they
differ when you get across demographic
lines is something very unique you know
if you ever say anything supportive
empathetic or even remotely
understanding of the black struggle in
the United States on social media
somebody will pop up and say you can
come to cookout I have always found that
really really funny because I have been
that one lone white guy at a black
cookout a few times in my life never
really felt like I needed an invite
never felt like anybody did very
welcoming very open very friendly not
exclusive events and I picked this up
the first time I went to one I was out
of town
my buddy found out that I was in his
area and he's like hey we're having a
cookout won't you come over sure it's
important to know that my buddy was a
gangster that that's what he did that
was his job that's how he made a living
a nice guy but that was his profession
so I pull up at his house I think I've
got the wrong time or maybe wrong
location because there's only two cars
in the driveway his and his girlfriend
man I thought I knew where I was going
open the door I could hear everybody in
the backyard so I walked around walked
through the back gate and there was that
that brief moment where half of the 80
people that were there stopped and
looked at me yeah that guy's on the
wrong spot but you know that was that
very friendly afterward 80 people no
cars no cars started talking to people
there was the guy that owned the corner
store down the road his employees there
were a couple of nurses there was a real
estate agent people from all walks of
life were at my buddy
the gangsters cookout
was weird it was weird and that has
repeated at every black cookout I've
been to same thing no cars very diverse
professions every single one now if I
was gonna have a cookout the guest list
people that would be invited well they'd
be journalists X contractors if my wife
was making it be medical professionals
and if when you pulled up there'd be
cars all over the road parking out front
because we do ours my class white folk
do our barbecues company picnics by
class by profession it's been my
experience black folk do theirs by
geography their neighborhood might be a
better way to do it you know all over
the country you have people complaining
saying you know we don't even know our
neighbors anymore this modern society no
it's not the modern society neighborhood
strong neighborhoods still exist I just
normally don't exist with us it's our
fault we have to take responsibility for
that and it's because we choose to
self-segregate like that we do it and
our neighborhoods get weakened because
of it with everything that's going on in
the world today it might be time to tear
the walls around us down
I got a feeling strong community strong
networks strong neighborhoods you know
they're always important but with the
possible economic downturn and
everything else that's going on they
might become really really important it
might be time to have a block party to
have an open cookout in your
neighborhood get to know people anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night